# Coolness
1. This bot sends no information anywhere except the prompt you give Open AI, dont belive me? Check the source code 👍

# Setup
1. Create a new Discord Application at [Discord Devolper Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Go to bot on the left side and creat a new bot
3. Hit the reset token button and keep a copy of the token
4. Paste the token in the file bot.py under "api_token='YOUR_TOKEN'". It should look something like api_token='hcgvksuioyuioy19387203jksahdja'
5. Goto OAuth2, then URL Generator, check the boxes applications.commands and bot
6. Under Bot Permissions check the boxes Read Messages/View Channels, Send Messages, and Manage Messages
7. At the bottom of the page there should be a URL to copy, copy it and paste it in a Web Browser.
8. Select the server you want to add the bot to from the drop down. Hit Contuine and Authorize.
9. Create a new [Open AI](https://openai.com/api/login) account, say its for "Personal Use".
10. Create a new API token by clicking your profile pic at the top right, view API keys, click on "Create New Secret Key" and save the key.
11. Paste the API key into the file "/libs/gpt3.py" under "openai.api_key = 'YOUR_API_KEY'"
12. Goto the settings page on Open AI and copy the Organization ID.
13. Paste the Organization ID in the file "/libs/gpt3.py" under "openai.organization = 'YOUR_ORG_ID'"
14. To run the bot just run the main.py file by using the ```python``` command
15. All Done!

# Commands

```!image 'YOUR_PROMPT'``` - Returns a image generated by DALLE-2

```!gpt3 'YOUR_PROMPT'``` - Talk to GPT3